hey guys today I'm going to show you how
to farm sky shards or well the best
place to find them so first of all you
are oh I got this man I love this man so
much this is amazing I love it
took me a while to get to go like farm
stone core in deep on to get it but
basically you just want to go down here
to this little camp area oh that's
probably all your other people farming
but these things here the Xiao Tian
conquerors and the shouting and pain
weavers they have the highest drop
chance with sky shards I'll show you
where it is on a map it god there's my
NPC scanner it's there basically just
where I am on the map down here so
that's where you want to go you just
basically just want to pull them really
so that see it just kill them and there
is very low chance that they will drop
one but if they do and that's good that
I'll be good for you you need 10 of
these to be able to get the crimson
cloud serpent amount from eleni eleni
where are we however you want to
pronounce it but still no sky shot but
it'll take you quite a while unless you
get really lucky and just get one every
everyone you kill but yeah that's really
a really no chance but um also actually
another one you can another thing you
can kill is they ran past a minute go
aah Thunder Mors because they're quite
easy to kill and they also can drop the
sky shards a lot of mobs can drop them
it's just chance really
stuff to be lucky I guess so just kill
this guy you go and nope still nothing
but eventually if you're lucky you'll
find a skyshard like I said you need 10
of them I have one so so it would be
nice to get another one especially while
I'm recording this that would be nice
come on ok maybe not but this is
basically all you do you just kill these
for hours and hours hoping you get
skyshard so just do that and eventually
you'll be able to get them out now I
don't even have quite separate and
riding yet because I just I haven't done
the dailies I can't be bothered really
it's just I'm impatient
I'll probably get round to doing
eventually just I don't know when but
still nothing it's a good place to farm
oats of harmony as well if you try to
farm them I got this from who olan olan
is that how you pronounce it I don't
even know but I got I got to power there
I got the reins of the Thundering onyx
cloud serpent which is kind of annoying
because I like I said I don't even have
cloud serpent riding yet so you know I
went meant to hide it my friend got it
and she was like oh my God look at this
I've got the mount and I'm like that was
my first time actually killing the rare
on the timeless Isle and I got a man and
I'm not sure if it is 100% chance I'll
probably look it's probably like a low
chance but we have to do is just keep
killing these and eventually be amazing
if I could find one in this video
oh god I'm lagging on the hell but I'm
not going to find one in this video
anyway I guess that's it uh so yeah
thanks for watching and I will see you
guys all got a kind I'll see you guys
next time good bye